Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 32 Filed 03/30/20 Page 1 of 2
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
JANE DOE,
Plaintiff,
V.
Case No. 1: 20-cv-00484 (JGK) (DCF)
DARREN K. INDYKE and RICHARD D. KAHN,
in their capacities as the executors of the
ESTATE OF JEFFREY EDWARD EPSTEIN and
GHISLAINE MAXWELL, an individual,
Defendants.
ORDER ON PLAINTIFF'S ANONYMITY
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that any person subject to this Order, including the parties to
this action and their respective counsel of record, shall adhere to the following terms:
1. Within three (3) days of entry of this Order, Counsel of Record for Plaintiff shall disclose
Plaintiffs identity to Counsel of Record for the Co-Executors, in writing.
2. Counsel of Record for the Co-Executors may disclose Plaintiffs identity only to the Co
Executors and any attorneys, paralegals, and clerical or other assistants working with or
for the Co-Executors on matters related to this action; and the recipients of such
information shall not disclose it to any other persons.
3. If the Co-Executors wish to disclose Plaintiffs identity to any person not otherwise
permitted to receive such information under this Order, the Co-Executors are limited to
doing so in connection with defending this action, and must require such person to first
execute a non-disclosure agreement, in a form agreed to by the parties, that prevents such
person from disclosing Plaintiffs identity to any other persons. The Co-Executors must
maintain a list of all such persons to whom Plaintiffs identity is disclosed and copies of
the executed non-disclosure agreements, all of which are subject to in camera inspection.
4. All portions of pleadings, motions or other papers filed with the Court that disclose
Plaintiffs identity shall be filed under seal with the Clerk of the Court and kept under seal
until further order of the Court. The parties shall use their best efforts to minimize such
sealing. Any party filing a motion or any other papers with the Court under seal shall also
publicly file a redacted copy of the same, via the Court's Electronic Case Filing system,
that redacts the Plaintiffs identity and text that would reveal Plaintiffs identity.
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 32 Filed 03/30/20 Page 2 of 2
5. The parties may seek to modify or amend this Order at any time upon motion to the Court
or by stipulation.
SO ORDERED.
Date: March 30, 2020
New York, New York Hon. Debra C. Freeman
United States Magistrate Judge
Southern District of New York
4
