Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 56 Filed 07/16/20 Page 1 of 2
Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP troutmarii'
875 Third Avenue
New York, New York 10022 pepper
troutman.com
Mary Grace W. Metcalfe
marygrace.metcalfe@troutman.com
July 16, 2020
VIA ECF
The Honorable Debra C. Freeman
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
Daniel Patrick Moynihan Courthouse
500 Pearl Street
New York, NY 10007
Re: Jane Doe v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as
executors of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell,
No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman:
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Co-Executors
of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced action.
We write in response to the letter counsel for Plaintiff Jane Doe, Robert Glassman, filed
yesterday afternoon (Doc. 54). Mr. Glassman’s letter is, as counsel for Ms. Maxwell
stated in an email yesterday, “very premature.” It also misrepresents what occurred.
As evidenced by the email chain submitted herewith as Exhibit A, last Friday, July
10, 2020, counsel for Co-Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, who had only appeared in this
action a day earlier, asked the parties to meet and confer, among other things, to set new
dates for Mr. Indyke’s deposition and all other discovery dates and deadlines set before
her appearance.
Moreover, and as we promptly advised Mr. Glassman, shortly after we agreed to
commence our rolling document production earlier this week, we realized that the Parties
have yet to agree upon a confidentiality order, which must occur before we produce
documents that refer to the Plaintiff, who filed this case anonymously, by her real name.
That is for Plaintiff’s benefit. The terms of the confidentiality order will also be discussed
during the Parties’ upcoming meet and confer call.
As indicated in the attached email chain, rather than discuss the confidentiality
order or advise us that he thought we were mistaken about counsel for Ms. Maxwell’s
request, Mr. Glassman instead chose to immediately burden the Court by filing his letter
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 56 Filed 07/16/20 Page 2 of 2
July 16, 2020 troutman1'
Page 2
pepper
shortly before the parties are supposed to speak about discovery. In any event, counsel
for Ms. Maxwell has since then expressly confirmed that we were correct in our
understanding, stating: “That is correct. I understand that we were having a call tomorrow
to discuss a number of scheduling issues, including scheduling depositions … Let me
know if you all still want to have a discussion or not, given Mr. Glassman’s very
premature letter to the court.” (See Ex. A at p. 1. (emphasis added).)
As for Mr. Glassman’s contention that the Co-Executors are violating their
discovery obligations, it bears mentioning that he filed his letter only after weeks of our
attempts to have him remedy various discovery deficiencies in Plaintiff’s discovery
responses. We have sent Mr. Glassman letters detailing Plaintiff’s discovery deficiencies.
By contrast, Mr. Glassman has not met and conferred with us about many of the issues
he raises in his letter to Your Honor. We do not intend to burden Your Honor with any of
these discovery issues if they can be resolved among the parties. However, the meet-
and-confer process is far from complete now that Ms. Maxwell has appeared in this action.
Based on the foregoing, Counsel for the Co-Executors requests that the Parties
be given the opportunity to finalize a confidentiality order and new discovery schedule
that is agreeable to Ms. Maxwell’s counsel, produce those documents that are not in
dispute (something that can be done promptly after entry into the confidentiality order),
and finish meeting and conferring so as to narrow the remaining issues in dispute as
much as possible before seeking the Court’s assistance.
Respectfully submitted,
s/ Mary Grace W. Metcalfe
Mary Grace W. Metcalfe
CC: All Counsel (via ECF)
