Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 68 Filed 08/14/20 Page 1 of 4
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
JANE DOE,
20cv00484 (JGK) (DF)
Plaintiff,
SCHEDULING ORDER
-against-
DARREN K. INDYKE, et al.,
Defendants.
DEBRA FREEMAN, United States Magistrate Judge:
This matter having been referred to this Court for general pretrial supervision; and this
Court having held a case management conference on August 5, 2020 with counsel for all parties;
and this Court having directed counsel to confer regarding certain discovery deadlines and to
make a follow-up joint submission regarding those deadlines (see Dkt. 62); and this Court having
no such joint submission, but having, instead, received three separate letters from counsel
(Dkts. 63, 66, 67); and this Court having reviewed those submissions; it is hereby ORDERED as
follows:
1. In light of the fact that counsel for defendant Ghislaine Maxwell (“Maxwell”) has
reportedly had difficulty arranging to communicate with Maxwell (who is currently in pretrial
detention at the Metropolitan Detention Center) regarding certain issues in this case, and in light
of the potential ramifications of Maxwell’s being required to respond to discovery demands in
this case while a criminal prosecution is pending against her, the request by Maxwell’s counsel
for an extension of time to August 19, 2020, either to participate in a joint request regarding the
setting of additional discovery deadlines or to move for a stay of any or all of these proceedings,
is granted. If Maxwell moves for a stay of these proceedings, in whole or in part, then, within
two business days of the motion’s submission, the parties should jointly propose a schedule for
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 68 Filed 08/14/20 Page 2 of 4
opposition and reply submissions, and should also inform this Court of their views as to whether
the motion should (or should not) affect any other deadlines set by this Order.
2. This Court expects to enter a protective order in this case to protect, at a
minimum, the personal information of individuals who are not parties to this action, but who
claim to have been victims of sexual abuse by Jeffrey E. Epstein (“Epstein”). All counsel are
directed to confer in good faith regarding the terms of a protective order, and to make a joint
proposal to the Court no later than August 26, 2020, regarding the same. If the parties are unable
to agree to proposed terms, then they should make separate proposals by that date, explaining
any areas of disagreement. Document production shall be stayed pending this Court’s entry of a
protective order, but the parties should be prepared to produce documents in response to any
outstanding document requests (or in accordance with the parties’ initial disclosure
requirements) within one week of the entry of such an order.
3. Except with respect to any document production, which shall be governed by
paragraph 2, above, Maxwell’s obligation to make initial disclosures, pursuant to Rule 26(a)(1)
of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, has not been excused. Although Maxwell apparently
did not make those disclosures by the August 10, 2020 deadline previously set by this Court (see
Dkt. 62), her time to do so shall be extended to August 26, 2020, so as to afford her counsel a
fair opportunity to confer with her in advance of making those disclosures.
4. If, pursuant to Rule 26(a)(1)(A)(i), Maxwell or any party identifies as witnesses
any women who claim to have been victims of Epstein, then the identities of those witnesses
shall be maintained by all parties as confidential, pending the Court’s entry of a protective order.
The same principle shall apply to any claimed victims’ identities and personal information that
may be obtained in this action through any other means of discovery, such as by interrogatory
2
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 68 Filed 08/14/20 Page 3 of 4
responses, deposition testimony, or subpoena; all such information shall be maintained as
confidential, pending the entry of a protective order.
5. The parties are directed to set a date for Plaintiff’s requested deposition of
defendant Richard D. Kahn, in his capacity as an executor of Epstein’s estate. If Plaintiff also
wishes to depose Kahn in his individual capacity, then Plaintiff’s counsel should inform
Defendants’ counsel of this, and, if the parties cannot agree as to whether this would be
permissible, then they should stipulate to a schedule to place the issue before this Court for
resolution, in advance of the deposition.
6. To the extent Plaintiff has not yet amended her Rule 26(a)(1) damages
computation as directed at the August 5, 2020 conference, Plaintiff is directed to do so no later
than August 26, 2020.
7. Plaintiff’s counsel is directed to ensure that Defendants are given advance notice
of any subpoenas served by Plaintiff on any non-parties, see Fed. R. Civ. P. 45(a)(4), and are
further directed to ensure that Defendants are notified of the receipt of any documents in
response to such subpoenas. If Plaintiff has served any Rule 45 subpoenas and has not provided
the required advance notice, or has failed to notify Defendants regarding the receipt of
responsive documents, then Plaintiff’s counsel is directed to furnish such notice forthwith. If, on
the other hand, Plaintiff has not, to date, served any Rule 45 subpoenas in connection with this
case, then Plaintiff’s counsel should clarify this point to Defendants’ counsel.
Dated: New York, New York
August 14, 2020
SO ORDERED
________________________________
DEBRA FREEMAN
United States Magistrate Judge
3
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 68 Filed 08/14/20 Page 4 of 4
Copies to:
All counsel (via ECF)
4
