Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 70 Filed 08/20/20 Page 1 of 3
Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP troutma,,;
875 Third Avenue
pepper
New York, New York 10022
troutman.com
Bennet J. Moskowitz
bennet. moskowitz@troutman.com
August20,2020
VIA ECF
The Honorable Debra C. Freeman
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
Daniel Patrick Moynihan Courthouse
500 Pearl Street
New York, NY 10007
Re: Jane Doe v. Darren K. lndyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as
executors of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell,
No. 1 :20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman:
We represent Defendants Darren K. lndyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Co-Executors
of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein (the "Co-Executors"), in the above-referenced action.
We write to obtain relief from Plaintiff Jane Doe's ("Plaintiff") refusal to reschedule the
deposition of Darren K. lndyke, scheduled for August 26, 2020. Given recent case
developments, holding the deposition next week defies the parties' obligations to promote
judicial economy and avoid wasting party resources, as well as common sense.
There are five reasons the deposition should not proceed next Wednesday. First,
if the deposition occurs next week then Plaintiff will undoubtedly seek to hold another
deposition at a later date, following the parties' substantial completion of document
discovery. Per this Court's Order dated August 14, document production has been stayed
pending the entry of a protective order. The parties are required to make a joint proposal
to Your Honor regarding the protective order by August 26, the day upon which the
deposition is currently scheduled. Even if the parties are able to jointly propose, and the
Court approve, a mutually agreed upon protective order in the next several days (which
seems unlikely given that we are still waiting on feedback from counsel for the other
parties), there would not be nearly enough time for the parties to complete their document
productions, let alone to review each other's productions in preparation for the deposition.
Regrettably, Plaintiff's counsel has repeatedly refused to confirm that she will not seek to
further depose Mr. lndyke following the parties' document productions.
109600945v2
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 70 Filed 08/20/20 Page 2 of 3
Robert Glassman, Esq. troutman1'
August 20, 2020
pepper
Page 2
The parties' document productions should be completed before the deposition
proceeds. This will necessarily happen in short order: the Court's Order requires the
parties to complete their document productions within one week of entry of the protective
order. Doc. 68 at Ir 2.
Second, for the same reasons that this Court stayed document production pending
entry of a protective order, it makes no sense to have any depositions proceed until the
ground rules regarding confidentiality, including with respect to deposition testimony and
exhibits, are set.
Third, having the deposition next week would be unduly prejudicial to the Co
Executors as the result of Plaintiff's prior failures to provide proper notice of non-party
discovery. Yesterday, counsel for Plaintiff confirmed for the first time that she has in fact
received various documents from subpoenaed witnesses, stating in an email:
Although responsive documents were not produced by these witnesses
pursuant to the subpoenas, we have recently obtained documentary
evidence from these witnesses through their counsel. Indeed, we received
what we expect to be the last of the evidence yesterday. In light of the
Court's 8/14 Order regarding the current stay of document production in this
case, we will produce such materials to you once we are permitted to do so
by the Court.
However, the fact remains that we do not know the universe of so-called documentary
evidence that Plaintiff received, when she received it, or from whom. The deposition of
Mr. lndyke should not proceed while Plaintiff is improperly in sole possession of discovery.
The Co-Executors have a fundamental right to review discovery materials that may form
the basis for Plaintiff's deposition questions.
Fourth, Plaintiff has failed to provide topics about which she will depose Mr. lndyke
in his capacity as Co-Executor of Mr. Epstein's Estate. (See Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(b)(6) ("In
its notice or subpoena, a party may name as the deponent a public or private corporation,
a partnership, an association, a governmental agency, or other entity and must describe
with reasonable particularity the matters for examination." (emphasis added)). 1 We
raised this straightforward, uncontroversial issue multiple times, including by email on
August 4, 6, 14, 17, and 19; Plaintiff's counsel never responded. During the parties' meet
and-confer telephone call on August 10, counsel for Plaintiff said he would confer with his
1 The Committee Notes to the 2007 amendment of Fed. R. Civ. P. 30(b}(6) provide: ""[O]ther entity" is added
to the list of organizations that may be named as deponent. The purpose is to ensure that the deposition
process can be used to reach information known or reasonably available to an organization no matter what
abstract fictive concept is used to describe the organization. Nothing is gained by wrangling over the place
to fit into current rule language such entities as limited liability companies, limited partnerships, business
trusts, more exotic common-law creations, or forms developed in other countries." (emphasis added). Mr.
lndyke is being deposed as the fiduciary of an estate, not solely in his individual capacity.
109600945v2
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 70 Filed 08/20/20 Page 3 of 3
Robert Glassman, Esq. troutman1'
August 20, 2020
pepper
Page 3
colleagues and then provide us with a response. Despite this representation and our
follow-up inquiries, Plaintiff counsel has still not confirmed whether he will be providing a
list of topics for Mr. lndyke in his capacity as Co-Executor, much less actually provided
one. If Plaintiff's counsel does not provide such a list, we will be forced to seek relief from
this Court and the deposition should not proceed until that issue is resolved. Even if
Plaintiff provides such a list today, we will not have sufficient time between now and next
Wednesday to consider it, meet and confer with Plaintiff regarding any issues, and, if
necessary, raise such issues with the Court.
Fifth, yesterday evening Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell moved to stay this lawsuit
in light of her ongoing criminal matter, which is currently scheduled for trial next summer.
There is no reason that discovery should proceed in a piecemeal fashion, either while the
motion for a stay is pending or during the stay itself.
When we raised these issues with Plaintiff's counsel, we did not receive a
substantive response to our concerns. Rather, Plaintiff's counsel stated they "would still
like to proceed with [the deposition] on 8/26 since that date has already been cleared by
the parties and has been on calendar for some time now" and "would still like to proceed
with Mr. lndyke's deposition next week even if [the Co-Executors] still haven't given
[Plaintiff] documents before then". Despite our requests, no further explanation for
Plaintiff's position has been provided.
We have not received an answer to our repeated requests for a time to meet-and
confer today by phone about these and other pressing issues related to Plaintiff's
discovery deficiencies, which are not as time-sensitive and thus we do not raise at this
time. However, given the rapidly approaching deposition date and the issues listed
above, we are left with no choice but to seek the intervention of the Court. We therefore
respectfully request that the Court order Plaintiff to reschedule Mr. lndyke's deposition for
a mutually agreeable date after resolution of Ms. Maxwell's motion to stay, Plaintiff's
disclosure of deposition topics, entry of a protective order, and the parties' substantial
completion of their document productions.
Very truly yours,
Bennet J. Moskowitz
cc: Laura Menninger, Esq.
109600945v2
