Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 76 Filed 08/26/20 Page 1 of 3
Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP troutmariii
875 Third Avenue
pepper
New York, New York 10022
troutman.com
Bennet J. Moskowitz
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com
August 26, 2020
VIA ECF
The Honorable Debra C. Freeman
United States District Court
Southern District of New York
Daniel Patrick Moynihan Courthouse
500 Pearl Street
New York, NY 10007
Re: Jane Doe v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as
executors of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell,
No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman:
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Co-Executors
of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced action.
We write together with counsel for Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell to request that the Court
enter the attached draft Confidentiality Agreement and Protective Order (“Proposed
Order”).
In accordance with Your Honor’s Order dated August 14, counsel for the Co-
Executors, Ms. Maxwell, and Plaintiff Jane Doe (“Plaintiff”), respectively, conferred
regarding the Proposed Order, exchanging multiple drafts and comments thereto. While
counsel for the Parties have been able to agree on the majority of the Proposed Order’s
provisions, a few disagreements remain, as follows:
Paragraph 4: Plaintiff’s counsel indicates that they will only agree to designate
“medical, mental health and/or other health care records”, “Social Security numbers,
personal telephone numbers, tax returns, and credit and banking information”, and the
“names of alleged minor victims of sexual abuse” as confidential under the Proposed
Order. However, these limitations would remove many documents from the protection of
the Proposed Order, including those containing sensitive and private information such as
an individual’s health or private habits, education, finances, home address, or history of
abuse. Such documents are routinely form the subject of protective orders and should
be protected here as well, particularly given the sensitive nature of the allegations in this
case and the intense media scrutiny directed at both this matter and the ongoing criminal
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 76 Filed 08/26/20 Page 2 of 3
The Hon. Debra C. Freeman troutman''
August 26, 2020
pepper
Page 2
proceeding against Ms. Maxwell.1 Counsel for Ms. Maxwell and the Co-Executors
accordingly request that the Court include Paragraph 4 as currently written in the final
Order.
Paragraph 15: Counsel for Plaintiff has indicated that they wish to remove
Paragraph 15, which provides:
Any Party who requests additional limits on disclosure (such as “attorneys’
eyes only” in extraordinary circumstances), may at any time before the trial
of this action serve upon counsel for the recipient Parties a written notice
stating with particularity the grounds of the request. If the Parties cannot
reach agreement promptly, counsel for all affected Parties will address their
dispute to the Court.
Plaintiff’s counsel mischaracterizes this section as providing “the unlimited ability to keep
things confidential.” However, this is a standard provision which allows for application of
additional protections only as the need arises, subject to the agreement of the parties or
the resolution of the Court. Both counsel for Ms. Maxwell and the Co-Executors request
that the Court include it in the final Order.
Paragraph 25: Plaintiff’s counsel seeks to remove Subparagraph (ii) of Paragraph
25, which provides for outside counsel’s retention of “one archival copy of all pleadings,
motion papers, court filings made under seal, transcripts, legal memoranda,
correspondence, attorney work product, written discovery responses, deposition and trial
exhibits, and expert reports” following the conclusion of the case, “subject to a continuing
obligation to protect information designated Confidential pursuant to this Order”. As
counsel for Ms. Maxwell noted during the parties’ discussion of this provision, ethical rules
require the retention of such records for a prescribed length of time. Accordingly, Counsel
for Ms. Maxwell and the Co-Executors request that the Court include in the final Order
express permission for them to maintain such records.
NDA: Plaintiff’s counsel seeks to relax the protection of documents produced to
witnesses who sign the Non-Disclosure Agreement attached as Exhibit A to the Proposed
Order. Specifically, Plaintiff’s counsel seeks to allow witnesses to retain copies of
1 Plaintiff’s counsel incorrectly maintains that, as Mr. Epstein is deceased, no protections should apply to
his medical records, social security number and the like. However, and as we explained: (i) Mr. Epstein’s
estate is entitled to assert the same legal protections Mr. Epstein had before he died; (ii) the Social Security
Act and the Internal Revenue Code restrict disclosure of information about deceased individuals; and (iii)
HIPAA privacy rules protect individually identifiable health information about a decedent for 50 years
following the date of death of the individual. While we have sound reasons to seek the ability to prevent
Plaintiff’s and her counsel’s unfettered dissemination of such information, Plaintiff has no legitimate reason
to have the unilateral ability to disclose such information as, when and where she sees fit. (While the Co-
Executors in no way concede that such information is relevant to the parties’ claims and defenses, it should
not be preemptively excluded from coverage under the Proposed Order.)
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 76 Filed 08/26/20 Page 3 of 3
The Hon. Debra C. Freeman troutman
August 26, 2020
pepper
Page 3
discovery materials provided to them in the context of the litigation, after the litigation has
concluded. There is no legitimate reason a witness should retain such records, especially
since these witnesses would, by signing Non-Disclosure Agreement, agree not to use
documents they received for any purpose outside of the litigation. Counsel for Ms.
Maxwell and the Co-Executors request that the Court include in the final Order the
provision as currently written.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Bennet J. Moskowitz
Bennet J. Moskowitz
cc: All counsel of record
