Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 88 Filed 12/22/20 Page 1 of 2
Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP troutmafiii
875 Third Avenue
pepper
New York, New York 10022
troutman.com
Bennet J. Moskowitz
bennet.moskowitz@troutman.com
December 22, 2020
VIA ECF
The Honorable Debra C. Freeman
Daniel Patrick Moynihan Courthouse
500 Pearl Street
New York, NY 10007
Re: Jane Doe v. Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, in their capacities as
executors of the Estate of Jefferey E. Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell,
No. 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF
Dear Judge Freeman:
We represent Defendants Darren K. Indyke and Richard D. Kahn, as Co-Executors
of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein (the “Co-Executors”), in the above-referenced matter.
We write in response to the December 21, 2020 letter from Plaintiff’s counsel [Doc 87], to
clarify the record.
The Co-Executors have no objection to Plaintiff’s request that the Court dismiss
this action following her decision to accept the Epstein Victims’ Compensation Program’s
(the “Program”) independent Administrator’s compensation determination. Accordingly,
and as Plaintiff’s counsel accurately notes, our clients have already executed the Joint
Stipulation for Dismissal of Entire Action With Prejudice
In his letter, however, Plaintiff’s counsel inaccurately states: “The Epstein Estate
and Ghislaine Maxwell mandated that Ms. Maxwell be included in the Program settlement
release (presumably because when she committed her tortious and criminal conduct
against the victims she was doing so as an agent and/or employee in the scope of her
agency and/or employment with Mr. Epstein).” Neither Ms. Maxwell nor her counsel had
any say whatsoever regarding the Program, including the scope of the Program release.
Only the Estate, various plaintiffs’ counsel and the U.S.V.I. Attorney General provided
input on the Program.
It is not surprising that, in the interest of finality and as expressly explained in the
Program Protocol -- a document drafted over several months with the assistance of
claimants’ counsel, and in which neither Ms. Maxwell nor her counsel had any
involvement -- a claimant who elects to accept the offer of compensation from the
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 88 Filed 12/22/20 Page 2 of 2
December 22, 2020 troutmanli
Page 2
pepper
Program must release her claims against the Estate and anyone who would potentially
implead the Co-Executors. (Ms. Maxwell has already sued the Estate in the U.S.V.I.
seeking indemnification of her legal expenses, including in this case. It is a matter of
public record that the Estate has refused to indemnify Ms. Maxwell, and has moved to
dismiss her claims for such relief.) All claimants remain free to pursue claims against
others and are in no way prohibited from communicating their experiences (if they wish)
to law enforcement, the press or the public.
Respectfully submitted,
/s/ Bennet J. Moskowitz
Bennet J. Moskowitz, Esq.
