Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 97 Filed 02/05/21 Page 1 of 4
PANISH
SHEA&
BOYLE
LLP
February 4, 2021
VIA ECF
Application denied. The reply brief has already
Hon. John G. Koeltl been filed. There is no need for a hearing at this
Daniel Patrick Moynihan time. SO ORDERED.
United States Courthouse /s/ John G. Koeltl
500 Pearl Street February 5, 2021 John G. Koeltl
New York, NY 10007 New York, NY U.S.D.J.
Re: Doe v. Indyke, et al., 1:20-cv-000484-JGK-DCF
Update Regarding Settlement and Plaintiff's Pending Motion to Dismiss
Dear Judge Koeltl:
On October 16, 2020, the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (EVCP) made an
offer of compensation to Plaintiff who accepted that offer on November 29, 2020. As the Court
was previously made aware, a condition of payment of the settlement to Plaintiff was that she
had to dismiss this pending action with prejudice. Plaintiff promptly attempted to do so by
securing a stipulation for dismissal among the parties. Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell refused to
stipulate. On December 21, 2020, Plaintiff wrote this Court requesting that it dismiss the case
with prejudice pursuant to FRCP 41(a)(2) (ECF 87). In response to that letter, the Court
scheduled a status conference for December 23, 2020. Following the status conference, the
Court set a briefing schedule for Plaintiff's Motion to Dismiss. Pursuant to that briefing
schedule, Plaintiff filed her Motion to Dismiss on January 15, 2021 (ECF 91). Her reply brief is
due tomorrow.
Today, however, we received a letter from the EVCP Fund Administrator, Jordy
Feldman, entitled "Important Update Regarding the Epstein VCP." That letter is enclosed for
the Court's reference. Ms. Feldman states, in pertinent part, "I am writing to inform you that, due
to uncertainty about the liquidity of Estate assets to fund the Program, effective immediately, all
compensation determination offers will be held until after the March 25, 2021 claims filing
deadline or until such time that I have sufficient certainty that eligible claims can be timely and
fully funded and paid."
In light of this unanticipated development, Plaintiff is requesting that the Court continue
her Motion to Dismiss and defer its ruling on it until after we know whether or not the settlement
reached among the parties will be honored by the EVCP.
11111 Santa Monica Boulevard, Suite 700 • Los Angeles, California 90025 • 310.477.1700 phone • 310.477.1699 fax • www.psblaw.com
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 97 Filed 02/05/21 Page 2 of 4
PANISH
SHEA&
BOYLE
Hon. John G. Koeltl
LLP
Daniel Patrick Moynihan
United States Courthouse
February 4, 2021
Page 2
In addition, based on the questionable actions taken by Ms. Maxwell to delay the
settlement by refusing to allow a case against her to be dismissed with prejudice, as well as the
Estate’s insistence that she must be dismissed even though the settlement was to be 100% from
Estate assets, Plaintiff requests that the Court conduct a hearing with all interested parties
(including the EVCP administrator) to determine if there have been any collusive efforts, plans
or intentions by those involved to disenfranchise Plaintiff and the other sex abuse victims of
Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in this litigation.
Respectfully submitted,
PANISH SHEA & BOYLE
/s/ Robert Glassman
Robert Glassman
Encl.
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 97 Filed 02/05/21 Page 3 of 4
EXHIBIT 1
Case 1:20-cv-00484-JGK-DCF Document 97 Filed 02/05/21 Page 4 of 4
Epstein VCP
EPSTEIN VICTIMS’ COMPENSATION PROGRAM
FOR VICTIMS-SURVIVORS OF SEXUAL ABUSE BY JEFFREY EPSTEIN
February 4, 2021
RE: Important Update Regarding the Epstein VCP
Dear Robert,
I am writing to inform you that, due to uncertainty about the liquidity of Estate assets to fund the
Program, effective immediately, all compensation determination offers will be held until after the March
25, 2021 claims filing deadline or until such time that I have sufficient certainty that eligible claims can
be timely and fully funded and paid.
Although I sincerely regret having to take this action, I have concluded that it is necessary to protect the
interests of eligible claimants who have not yet resolved their claims through the Program and to
preserve Program integrity. Issuing any compensation offer that cannot be timely and fully funded and
paid, consistent with the way the Program has operated to date, would compromise claimants’ interests
and the guiding principles of the Program.
We will continue to accept claim filings through March 25, 2021, review claims, and hold meetings with
claimants so that we can resume the issuance of compensation determination offers as soon as
practicable. We will also continue to pay any compensation determination offers that were issued prior
to this notice.
The Program is funded with Estate assets. Under the Program Protocol, the Estate agreed to “pay all
eligible claims based on the Administrator’s determination” and represented that sufficient assets and
liquidity existed to pay all claims. When the available funds fall below a designated threshold amount,
the Estate is required to promptly replenish the funds in order to ensure continuity of operations and
certainty of funding to pay claims.
On February 3, 2021, the Estate informed me that it did not have sufficient liquidity to fully satisfy the
most recent request for replenishment and that it could not predict when additional liquidity would be
secured, prompting this action. The Estate has advised me that it is working to secure additional
liquidity to continue to fund the Program and that it is committed to paying all eligible claims in
accordance with the Protocol.
With this development, I felt it was imperative to take immediate action and notify current and
potential claimants and their representatives. Please know that I remain deeply committed to ensuring
that the Program continues to operate with transparency and integrity, and that all eligible claimants
receive the compensation and validation they deserve.
I am continually inspired by the courage and resilience of the victims I have had the privilege of
meeting, and truly regret having to implement these measures and the resulting delay and uncertainty
this may cause. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely,
Jordana H. Feldman
Administrator
